hey how's it going Dave TD here this is
a video about the note
8 and it's a video that I didn't really
want to make in the beginning I kind of
want to skip the whole Note 8 thing
because I'm not super interested in the
phone personally but as youtuber who
genuinely gives a [ __ ] my audience and I
want you guys to make good purchase
decisions I felt like I had to do this
video let's talk about the s8 first the
Galaxy s8 this is a phone that I would
consider to be one of the best phones of
2017 the hardware and this thing is so
good that any time anyone does a video
about any phone in 2017 someone's gonna
bring up the fact that this thing has
better hardware for a similar price or
better hardware for a cheaper price like
it's got the best hardware in the
business in terms of features and specs
and all that stuff the note 8 is a
variant of the s8 in the sense that it
has a lot of the same features but
they've added a few things it has extra
RAM a bigger screen but the two most
important differences are the s-pen and
a new camera and for the people that
aren't aware about what these features
are the s-pen is a stylus for the note
series of phones from Samsung that allow
you to kind of draw and write and
annotate things on the phone screen
which is really cool it's not for
everyone but it's a really neat feature
and the new thing for the note 8 this
year are the dual cameras so there's one
regular lens one zoom lens and both of
them with optical image stabilization I
think that's a first in this industry
having both lenses with hardware image
stabilization there are some other
software tweaks like app air which lets
you quickly two apps into split-screen
that's pretty cool and there's some
tweaks for the s-pen that allow you to
write on the screen and then that
animated version of what you just wrote
will appear on someone else's phone but
the two main headlining features are the
existence of the s-pen and the two
lenses for the camera that both have
optical image stabilization the screen
is larger by 0.1 inches it is noticeable
if you kind of stick them beside each
other and compare the two but I mean
don't make that be the reason why I
purchased the note II it's it is bigger
but it's not significant the extra ram
on here
the extra 2 gigs of ram so this thing's
got 6 gigs of ram I want to say that it
doesn't matter but for some people
especially if you load a lot of games at
once and you have
and currently playing it can make a
difference but for most people the extra
two gigs of RAM will not make a
difference at all the camera on the si+
was already amazing it's one of the best
smartphone cameras on the market this
new dual lens camera on the note 8 is
more for depth effects and portrait
modes and just kind of zoom photography
it is a zoom lens and the idea of a
secondary zoom lens is cool I mean it's
extra utility when you want to use it
and it gives the ability to take some
shots that you couldn't do before but
unless you're a very particular type of
user and you're hardcore into
photography you probably won't use it
that much I mean you think you will and
you want to use it a lot but you
probably won't that's just the nature of
any of the secondary lenses on these
cameras and the same kind of thing goes
for the S Pen Samsung's pen is literally
the best stylist on the market for any
kind of phone and I mean it feels really
good the texture is cool it's not like
plastic on glass it feels not like paper
but it feels nice and the implementation
is done really well it's instant it's
cool and I think a lot of people love
the idea of it but they don't use it
that often because it's not that useful
now there are some people who are just
absolutely fans of the Galaxy Note line
and for them the s-pen is crucial for
their everyday workflow but I think for
most people it's not and if you're one
of those people I mean if you're one of
those hardcore Galaxy Note people this
video is not for you you're already
gonna purchase this phone even before
the event even launched you wanted this
phone since the note 7 exploded but for
the people that are kind of on the fence
and are curious about this phone this
video is more for you okay so we have
great hardware in the note 8 and it's
got some extra features over the si+
that are optional so what's the problem
right the problem is the price on Amazon
right now or Best Buy the SI plus goes
for six hundred and seventy five dollars
it's not a cheap phone by any means but
it's a very reasonably priced phone and
you're getting a lot of good hardware
for the money this phone starts off
contract at 9:30 up to 960 depending on
who you purchased it from which is a lot
of money it's like what two hundred and
fifty two hundred and sixty dollars more
than the s8 plus like that's a lot of
money and what are you getting for it
well you're getting a few more features
but remember the SI plus is already
packed to the gills with amazing
features the note 8 has a couple more
but it has a smaller battery like
and I don't know I think for most people
it's just not worth the difference in
price so what's going on here maybe
Samsung needs to recoup the costs from
the note 7 issues maybe they want to
keep the prices high to remain
competitive at least financially or
visually with Apple I'm not sure what it
is but whatever the reason is for the
high price consumers get screwed
forevers buying this thing at full
retail price for nine hundred and thirty
or nine hundred and fifty dollars that's
just not cool the other thing that kills
me is the marketing so Samsung invited a
lot of youtubers out to their Samsung
event in New York City the other day and
they invited me Thank You Samsung for
inviting me I couldn't go a super busy
with work but the thing that kind of
makes it weird is that the sheer number
of youtubers out there at the event
means that there's going to be a lot of
reviews about this phone and I think for
the most part people are going to be
kind of glazing over the issue of the
price because I mean this is a very very
expensive phone so there's nothing wrong
with this phone I won't need to
reiterate the fact that this is a great
phone the note 8 has fantastic hardware
but it's really overpriced so if you're
gonna purchase this thing make sure
you're buying it for the right reasons
make sure you're doing your research and
understanding the two main features that
are on this phone are things that you
would actually use and not just things
that look cool because the marketing is
done well okay hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs would be liked it
subsidy loves it see you guys next time
[Music]